# CS320
Contact and ContactService classes are used to store a person's contact information. Along with their JUnit test classes.

How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
  To ensure my code is functional and secure I first go through a requirements analysis to understand the functional requirements of the software. This will enable me to grasp the goal/objective of the application to build my design documentation. To tackle the security  side of the program the use of input validation techniques ensures that there isn't improper usage of the application as well as improper access. Since this application is used to input and store contact information, the contact IDs are not updatable so a way to secure that information was to make the mutator function for ID private. 
  
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
  I interpret the user's needs firstly by translating their user stories and use cases into direct requirements that are quantifiable in the code with the use of design documentation such as flowcharts or UML use case diagrams. Then I would practice the feedback loop with the user to ensure the design documentation reflects their desires and further develop the code. The use of a consistent feedback loop will keep the user satisfied through validation that their input matters, since the ultimate goal is to satisfy the end-user experience it is important to keep them a part of the entire process where applicable.

How do I approach designing software?
 I approach designing software through the use of requirements analysis to quantify and understand the user's requirements. Then once the functional requirements of the application are sorted then I would proceed to the use of flowcharts, class diagrams, use case diagrams, etc. These will be used to break down the different components of the software and what their intended functions are and how they interact with other components. Specifically, the class diagram will help illustrate the framework of the software and how each object within the software will interact with each other as well as their functions within each. The use case diagram will help illustrate to the user how their desired use case inputs will create their desired output. These diagrams/illustrations of how the software will become very important for gathering further feedback from the user and for implementing the code with guidelines in place. 
